Stamped V2

by Landon Judkins

with contributions from:
Andrew Bonventre - V1 author
Devin Doty - V2 consultant
Jake Zien - V1 contributor

designed by:
Anthony Cafaro - V2 designer
Ed Kim - V1 & V2 designer

property of:
Stamped, Inc.

-----------------------------------------------------------

Summary:
    Version 2 of Stamped (V2) was basically a complete rewrite of version 1. 
From a user perspective, V2 differs from V1 in both UI design and feature set. 
Feature expansion centered around the provision of more useful content (i.e. metadata,
actions, etc.), better social signalling (passive sharing, also stamped by, tastemakers),
and a limited logged out user experience. From a design perspective, most views across
the app were tweaked or redesigned entirely, and the structure of the app changed from
a five pane tab-based system to a hidden root menu system with more extensive cross
linking between views. From a data perspective, v2 also shifted from a strict local
storage model to a weak caching model wherein data is cached opportunistically across
the application, but very little data is guaranteed to be available and up to date locally.

    V2 was essentially written mostly by myself with some additions by Devin Doty, a
temporary consultant. With a background in systems programming, I found the iOS platform
particularly challenging. The conventions and idioms of iOS are derived from decades of
iteration with the support of fast deprecation when necessary. As the project progressed
and I gained more experience, my coding strategies changed to take advantage of that
experience. This document is intended for developers who need to modify and extend this
project. In addition to tradition documentation, TODOs, and commentary, I also have made
an effort to provide situational context to why code was written as it was written. I
imagine that an understanding of the context will be as useful as the other documentation
in providing the knowledge to properly leverage existing functionality while avoiding or
replacing weak-spots.

    This project was not documented as it was written. Virtually all of the documentation
was added after V2 launch. The use of inline comments is unfortunately rare. In general,
header files contain comments (and in some cases, references to more detailed comments)
proportional to their importance and/or complexity.

Groups 



2012-08-10
-Landon 